hi my name is Mike with any time animal
control and I'm here to show you how to
skin a squirrel the easiest way that I
know you're gonna need a sharp knife and
a squirrel that's it we shut this little
guy this morning
and it's always best to take care of
your game as quickly as possible
normally I wouldn't be doing this inside
the home but I am because it's really
cold out right now and I don't like the
cold
squirrel Heights pretty tough careful
not to the skin yourself you got to
pinch the back and then make a slice
across the back like that
side to side there you see it doesn't
take much of a hole it's just big enough
for your two fingers to fit in and then
you can work from there you get a couple
of fingers there and a couple of fingers
there alright you can get pulled apart
from each other
and if the skin hangs up like this on a
big chubby one feel free to use your
knife again but don't cut the gut if you
cut the gut you've got more to work with
you know so try to get that height off
that critter without breaking the gut I
like using small calibre guns for
squirrels this guy I took with a 177
pellet gun game oh and it did a fine job
you know you get bullet placement is
everything you hit him in the vitals and
they die quickly now I'm going to kind
of slow with this because I want you to
know what I'm doing
you see it's really not hard another
trick is to do it when they're warm
doing they're still warm
that fat hasn't had a chance to really
gel up you know on a really cold day
they're there it hangs pretty tight you
got to use your knife a little more
we afraid to be a little forceful and
after a few times you'll get faster it
gets you know just like anything you
know your first time a little rough
that's expected but I really like eating
squirrel and it's really worth the
effort to skin these things five
squirrels some potatoes maybe some rice
or something and corn on the side
man that's a meal to me so that's how I
grew up eating up in this very room with
my family my dad myself used to go out
squirrel hunting and we get five or six
of them that took care of the whole
family
okay now we're down to the legs the tail
arms in the head once again sharp knife
means everything saves an awful lot of
aggravation and time that be careful
this little fellas a little bit greasy
no we're into November now they're
they're getting their winter storage of
fat and it's starting to show you could
always use a meat cleaver or just break
the bones they're not that you know
they're pretty frail animal
as a pretty tough little guy maybe I
should shoot the smaller ones see how
fast that works the front they come off
pretty fast pretty easy there we are
well you got a bucket in the house to
catch the blood once you cut that head
off it's gonna start to bleed now it's
time to cut right down the middle all
the way down but don't cut the gut cut
the meat break the bone try not to cut
the intestines this doesn't matter as
much on these little guys like squirrels
and stuff like that as it does on hogs
and deer and bear those get real nasty
when you break the gut when you break
the stomach and the intestines because
it's just so much of it and it's so
nasty and it gets all over everything
it's just a mess there you got to worry
about it affecting the taste of your
meat nobody wants it to take a bite out
of a venison steak and taste stomach
fluid
actually I bring I bring my dear and
they're all that big stuff I bring it
out of the field and hanging before I
even feel I don't feel dressed dear and
all that big stuff I hang them and you
get a lot cleaner result out of it you
get the hide off and everything is clean
you don't have all that leaves and
sticks and everything on it so there you
are a skinned gutted squirrel all you
gotta do is rinse him off pick off
anything that doesn't look like it
belongs there looks like doesn't look
like you want to eat it any of these
little things wash them off wash it off
any piece of hair that around there and
you got some good thanks for joining
thanks for watching my name is Mike with
any type of animal control have a great
day